
The code in this folder is designed to help you practice writing ActiveRecord statements on the Rails console.

Usage:
    cd student_console_practice
    rake db:create
    rake db:migrate
    bundle
    rails console
    >> Student.seed_data!

You now have 500 students in your Student table.

Figure out the answer to the following questions by using the 'rails console'.  The answers to these questions is the query you would run on the console.

For example:
Q) How many blue eyed students are there?
A) Student.where(:eye_color => 'blue').count

Questions:

* How would you find the student(s) with a first name of "Tommy" and a last name of "Smith"?
* How many 5 year olds are there?
* How many 6 year olds are there?
* How many 7-9 year olds are there?
* How many students are teenagers?
* How many green eyed students are there?
* Are there any students with the same first name?
* Are their any students with the same last name?
* How many of the students are male?  Female?
* What are the first names of the red-headed students?
* Provide a sorted list of students with a birthday in the next 30 days (sort by birthday).
* How many students are obese? (BMI >= 30)
* For each student who has a BMI > 25, print out their BMI, first and last names
* List of students sorted by birthdate
* For each student, print "Tommy Smith is 6 years old" (substitute first, last and age, sort by age)
* For each eye color, print the eye color then a list of students with that eye color
    Blue
        Tommy Smith
    Green
        Julie Johnson
        Kim Marlow
        Jason Smith
    etc

Redo each of these questions using an ActiveRecord scope(s) and/or methods on the Student instance/class. Don't forget to add tests for each scope or method you write.
